Support procedure fast_forward for iceberg (#23589)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/iceberg.rst

    CALL iceberg.system.remove_orphan_files(schema => 'db', table_name => 'sample');

Fast Forward Branch
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> This procedure advances the current branch to a more recent snapshot from another branch without replaying any intermediate snapshots.

Reviewer: Should it be `current snapshot of the specified branch` rather than `current branch`? As I understand, the specified branch to fast-forward may not necessarily be the current branch.

> We can perform a fast-forward of from ``branch`` up to the ``to`` snapshot if from ``branch`` is an ancestor of ``to``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``branch`` can be fast-forwarded up to the ``to`` snapshot if ``branch`` is an ancestor of ``to``.
```
Revision suggested to emphasize that ``branch`` is being acted on, and I thought the `from` was distracting. Also to emphasize the action (fast-forward) dependent on the condition `if ...`.

The following arguments are available:

===================== ========== =============== =======================================================================
Argument Name         required   type            Description
===================== ========== =============== =======================================================================

> ``schema``                       string          Schema of the table to update

Reviewer: Miss the check mark here?

``table_name``        ✔️         string          Name of the table to update

> ``branch``                       string          The branch you want to fast-forward

Reviewer: Is this argument optional? If so, what's the default value?

Author: Its not optional. I will correct the document entry

> ``branch``                       string          from is the branch you want to fast-forward

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``branch``                       string          The branch you want to fast-forward
```
I'm not seeing that `from` needs to be here.

> ``to``                ✔️         string          target is the branch to which you want to fast-forward

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
``to``                ✔️         string          The branch you want to fast-forward to
```
Suggestion for clarity

===================== ========== =============== =======================================================================

Examples:

> * fast-forward the ``dev`` branch to the latest snapshot of the ``main`` branch ::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Fast-forward the ``dev`` branch to the latest snapshot of the ``main`` branch ::
```

    CALL iceberg.system.fast_forward('schema_name', 'table_name', 'dev', 'main');

> * Here ``branch1`` branch does not exist, it will be created and fast-forwarded to the latest snapshot of the ``main`` branch ::

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Create a new branch named ``branch1``  and set it's current snapshot equal to the latest snapshot of the ``main`` branch ::
```

Author: I thought it would be better to clarify in the example that ``branch1`` doesn't exist and it will be created as part of this.
How about keeping it something like this ?
```
 Here ``branch1`` branch does not exist, as part of this new branch named ``branch1`` is created and  it's snapshot would be set to the latest snapshot of the ``main`` branch ::
```

Reviewer 3: I think grammatically, I want to remove the beginning `Here`. Your original sentence is written in passive voice - it should be active. We can keep a statement mentioning `branch1` doesn't exist yet. How about

```
* Given the branch named ``branch1`` does not exist yet, create a new branch named ``branch1``  and set it's current snapshot equal to the latest snapshot of the ``main`` branch ::
```

Reviewer 2: I think we could remove the opening statement as it seems redundant with "create a new branch named branch1" stating it is a new branch. So maybe 

```
* Create a new branch named ``branch1`` and set its current snapshot to the latest snapshot of the main branch
```
